.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii common.conf.5
.\"
.TH COMMON.CONF 5 "APRIL 2015" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
common.conf \- RozoFS common configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "common.conf"
is managed thanks to 
.B libconfig
<http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/> and thus complies to the
.B libconfig
grammar.
.SS trashed_file_per_run

Maximum number of file that the remove bins thread of a slave export can remove in a run. A 2 seconds delay occurs between every run. 
.SS nb_disk_thread

Specifies the number of threads within the STORIO process that can operate the disk read/write.

.SS nb_core_file

Maximum number of core file to keep on this node per RozoFS process type. The older core files are kept while the newest ones are removed. 

.SS storio_multiple_mode

Specifies if storaged starts one or multiple storio process(es).
       Valid values are :
           - "False"
             only storio instance 0 is started. It takes care of every storage instance configured in the storage.conf.
           - "True"
             one storio is started for each cluster declared in the storage.conf file. The storio instance is the cluster number. 

.SS crc32c_check
Boolean (true or false) indicating if a check (thanks to CRC error detecting code) will be used for detecting accidental changes to raw data.
.SS crc32c_generate
Boolean (true or false) indicating if a checksum must be generated (thanks to CRC error detecting code) for each write request.
.SS crc32c_hw_forced
That boolean (true or false) can be asserted if the information reported by cpuid does not indicates that hardware CRC is supported whilst the current CPU supports it.
This might be the case with VirtualBox.

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
.ta +3i
# sample RozoFS common configuration file

#__ALL
nb_core_file         = 1;

#__STORAGE
nb_disk_threads      = 4;
crc32c_check         = True;
crc32c_generate      = True;
crc32c_hw_forced     = True;
storio_multiple_mode = True;
trashed_file_per_run = 1000;

.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/common.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/common.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\".SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7)
