.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii geocli.8
.\"
.TH geocli 8 "JUNE 2014" Rozofs "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
geocli \- rozofs geo-replication client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geocli
[
.I options
]
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B geocli
Rozofs geo-replication client. Processes geo-replication for
.BR rozofs (7)
filesystem on a given export. This process is intended to be started 
and stopped by the RozoFS geo-replication manager geomgr.
.SH OPTIONS
Not relevant. See geomgr.conf (5).
.RE
.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf)
.RS
The local host geo-replication configuration file. See
.BR geomgr.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/log/syslog
.RS
The log file. See
.BR syslogd (8)
and
.BR syslog.conf (5)
for further details.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, version 2.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR geomgr.conf (5),
.BR geomgr (8)
