.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii geomgr.8
.\"
.TH GEOMGR 8 "JUNE 2014" Rozofs "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
geomgr \- rozofs geo-replication manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geomgr
[
.I options
]
[
.I file
]
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B geomgr
Rozofs geo-replication manager. Manages geo-replication for
.BR rozofs (7)
filesystem on a given host.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
.RS
Print help.
.RE
.RE
.IP "-c, --config file"
.RS
Use 
.I file
as configuration file. Default is
.I /etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf
(or
.I /usr/local/etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf
according to install options)
.RE
.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf)
.RS
The local host geo-replication configuration file. See
.BR geomgr.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/log/syslog
.RS
The log file. See
.BR syslogd (8)
and
.BR syslog.conf (5)
for further details.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, version 2.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR geomgr.conf (5),
.BR export.conf (5),
.BR exportd (8)
