.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii geomgr.conf.5
.\"
.TH GEOMGR.CONF 5 "JUNE 2014" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
geomgr.conf \- RozoFS geo-replication manager configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "geomgr.conf"
is managed thanks to 
.B libconfig
<http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/> and thus complies to the
.B libconfig
grammar.

.SS active (optional)

Specifies whether geo-replication is active on the local host. (default: True)

.SS export-daemons 

is a list of export daemons handling some exports that must be replicated on the local host.
Each export daemon is defined by a list of dns names and/or IPv4 addresses separated by '/' in the 
.B host 
field. When securing an export daemon thanks to a virtual IP address only the virtual IP address is declared (i.e "192.168.10.1"). When no virtual IP address is used the list of "physical" IP addresses of each host securing the export daemon must be given (i.e "192.168.10.1/192.168.20.1"). 
.B active
field to enable/disable the geo-replication of this export daemon on this host. 
Within each export daemon is described the list of exports to be replicated in the list named 
.B exports.

    active: (whether geo-replication of this export daemon is enabled on the local host / optional)
            - must be a boolean.
            - default value is True.

    host: ('/' separated list of IP addresses or hostnames of the export daemon)
            - must be a list of valid IPv4 addresses or hostnames.
    
    exports: (list of exports to replicate)
    
.SS exports 

It is the list of exports to replicate for a given export daemon. Each export is defined
by the 
.B path
field which contains its path on the export daemon. Each export has an 
.B active
field to enable/disable the geo-replication of this export on this host. The
.B site 
field gives the site number that must be updated. A
.B nb 
optional field gives the number of geo-replication clients that must run replication in parallel.
.B calendar 
optionally provides the time intervals within a day when geo-replication has to take place.

    active: (whether geo-replication of this export is enabled on the local host / optional)
            - must be a boolean.
            - default value is True.

    path: (export identifier)
            - must be an existing export path on the export daemon.
            - should exist in exportd configuration file.

    site: (the site number to be updated)
            - must be either 0 or 1.

    nb: (number of replication instances / optional)
            - must be an integer.    
            - default value is 1.

    calendar: (list of geo-replication time intervals / optional)
            - no calendar means geo-replication is always on.    
    
.SS calendar

It is a list of time intervals when the geo-replication must take place.

	start: (starting time of the geo-replication)
            - must be a string in the format "HH:MM".

	stop: (stop time of the geo-replication)
            - must be a string in the format "HH:MM".

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
.ta +3i
# sample RozoFS geomgr configuration file

active = True ;
export-daemons = 
(
   {
        active = True;
        host   = "192.168.2.1/192.168.3.1";
        exports=
        (
          {
               path   = "/srv/rozofs/exports/export_1";
               site   = 0;
          },
          {
               active = True;
               path   = "/srv/rozofs/exports/export_2";
               site   = 0;
               nb     = 4;
               calendar =
               (
                      { start="22:00"; stop="7:15";  }
               );
          },
          {
               active = True;
               path   = "/srv/rozofs/exports/export_3";
               site   = 0;
               calendar =
               (
                     { start="20:00"; stop="8:00";  },
                     { start="12:00"; stop="14:00"; }
               );
          } 
        );
   },   
   {
        active = False;
        host   = "192.168.3.8/192.168.4.8";
        exports=
        (
          {
               path   = "/srv/rozofs/exports/export_4";
               site   = 1;
          }
        );
   }   
);

.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/geomgr.conf)
.RS
The local host geo-replication configuration file.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\".SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR geomgr (8),
.BR export.conf (5),
.BR exportd (8)
