.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rozofs.conf.5
.\"
.TH rozofs.conf 5 "APRIL 2015" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozofs.conf \- RozoFS common configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "rozofs.conf"
is managed thanks to 
.B libconfig
<http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/> and thus complies to the
.B libconfig
grammar.

.SS numa_aware
That boolean (true or false) enables to take into account the NUMA architecture of the board in order to collocate some RozoFS modules on a same node. This may improve the inter process communication performance. 

.SS file_distribution_rule
This parameter enables to choose the file distribution rule at file creation. The following rules are defined:
.RS
- 0 "size balancing" (default)
.RS
  The cluster with the more available disk space is chosen.
  The SIDs with the more available disk space are chosen within this cluster.
  The device with the more available disk space is chosen within a storio.
.RE
- 1 "round robin"
.RS
  The 1rst cluster in the cluster list is chosen and then put at the end of the list.
  The cluster list is re-ordered in decreasing cluster available disk space order every 12s.
  The SIDs with the more available disk space are chosen within this cluster.
  The devices are allocated in a round robin maner within a storio.
.RE
.RE	    

.SS trashed_file_per_run
Maximum number of file that the remove bins thread of a slave export can remove in a run. A 2 seconds delay occurs between every run. 

.SS core_file_directory
The directory under which the RozoFS modules store their core files in case a crash occurs. 

.SS nb_core_file
Maximum number of core file to keep on this node per RozoFS module type. The older core files are kept while the newest ones are removed. 

.SS storio_multiple_mode
Specifies if storaged starts one or multiple storio process(es).
       Valid values are :
           - "False"
             only storio instance 0 is started. It takes care of every storage instance configured in the storage.conf.
           - "True"
             one storio is started for each cluster declared in the storage.conf file. The storio instance is the cluster number. 

.SS nb_disk_thread
Specifies the number of threads within the STORIO process that can operate the disk read/write.

.SS crc32c_check
Boolean (true or false) indicating if a check (thanks to CRC error detecting code) will be used for detecting accidental changes to raw data.

.SS crc32c_generate
Boolean (true or false) indicating if a checksum must be generated (thanks to CRC error detecting code) for each write request.

.SS crc32c_hw_forced
That boolean (true or false) can be asserted if the information reported by cpuid does not indicates that hardware CRC is supported whilst the current CPU supports it.
This might be the case with VirtualBox.

.SS disk_usage_threshold
when set to non zero value, the storios log a warning when a device percent usage is over or equal to this limit.
.SS disk_read_threshold
when set to non zero value, the storios log a warning when the average read delay on a device is over or equal to this limit in micro seconds.
.SS disk_write_threshold
when set to non zero value, the storios log a warning when the average write delay on a device is over or equal to this limit in micro seconds.


.SS allow_disk_spin_down
This boolean has to be set to enable the spinning down of the disks of a storage node. The STORIO monitoring thread periodically checks the file systems mounted on its disks. This boolean prevents the check to be performed in case no modification takes place on the disk (i.e neither write, truncate nor delete). So when no access is done to the disks, the monitoring thread does not either access to the disk, and the disk spinning down can take place.

It is no use to set this boolean when you do not configure a spin down timeout (see hdparm -S). 

.SS export_dscp
Value that indicates the DSCP that is associated with TCP connections used to communicate with the Metadata server. By default the value corresponds to Expedited Forwarding (EF) class.
.SS storio_dscp
Value that indicates the DSCP that is associated with TCP connections used to communicate with the Storage server. By default the value corresponds to Assured Forwarding (AF41) class.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
.ta +3i
# sample RozoFS common configuration file
numa_aware           = True;
trashed_file_per_run = 32;

nb_core_file         = 1;
core_file_directory  = "/root/rozofs/cores";

storio_multiple_mode = True;
nb_disk_threads      = 4;
crc32c_check         = True;
crc32c_generate      = True;
crc32c_hw_forced     = True;


.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/rozofs.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/rozofs.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\".SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7)
