.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rozofsmount.8
.\"
.TH ROZOFSMOUNT 8 "APRIL 2014" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozofsmount \- RozoFS fuse mount
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rozofsmount
[\fB\-f\fP]
[\fB\-H\fP \fIEXPORT_HOST\fP]
[\fB\-E\fP \fIEXPORT_PATH\fP]
[\fB\-P\fP \fIEXPORT_PASSWD\fP]
[\fB\-o\fP \fIopt\fP[,\fIopt\fP]...]
\fImountpoint\fP
.PP
.B rozofsmount
\fB\-h\fP|\fB\-\-help\fP
.PP
.B rozofsmount
\fB\-V\fP|\fB\-\-version\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rozofsmount
mount a 
.BR rozofs (7) 
filesystem exported by
.BR exportd (8)
.SH OPTIONS

.SS "General options:"
.PP
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help
Display help and exit.
.TP
\fB\-V\fP, \fB\-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.PP
.SS "FUSE options:"
.TP
\fB\-f\fP
Foreground operation.
.PP
.SS "RozoFS options:"
.PP
.TP
\fB\-H\fP \fIEXPORT_HOST\fP, \fB\-o exporthost=\fP\fIEXPORT_HOST\fP
List of '/' separated addresses (or dns names) where exportd daemon is running (default is rozofsexport). When securing the exportd thanks to a virtual IP address only the virtual IP address is declared (i.e "192.168.10.1"). When no virtual IP address is used the list of "physical" IP addresses of each host securing the exportd must be given (i.e "192.168.10.1/192.168.20.1"). 
.TP
\fB\-E\fP \fIEXPORT_PATH\fP, \fB-o exportpath=\fP\fIEXPORT_PATH\fP
Root path of an export see
.BR exportd (8)
for further details. (default is /srv/rozofs/exports/export).
.TP
\fB\-E\fP \fIEXPORT_PASSWD\fP, \fB\-o exportpasswd=\fP\fIEXPORT_PASSWD\fP
Address (or dns name) where exportd daemon is running (default is empty).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsbufsize=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify size of I/O buffer in KiB (in range: 128..8192 - default: 256).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsminreadsize=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify minimum read size on disk in KiB (default value is same as RozoFS block size).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsmaxwritepending=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the number of write request(s) that can be sent for an open file from the rozofsmount toward the storcli asynchronously (default: 4).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsmaxretry=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify number of retries before I/O error is returned (default: 50).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsexporttimeout=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify timeout in seconds for exportd requests (default: 25).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsstoragetimeout=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify timeout in seconds for IO storaged requests (default: 4).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsstorclitimeout=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify timeout in seconds for storcli requests (default: 15).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsattrtimeout=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify timeout in seconds for which file/directory attributes are cached (default: 10).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsentrytimeout=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify timeout in seconds for which name lookups will be cached (default: 10).
.TP
\fB\-o debug_port=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the base debug port for rozofsmount (default: none).
.TP
\fB\-o instance=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify rozofsmount instance number (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-o nbcores=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the maximum number of core files to keep (default: 2).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofscachemode=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the cache mode: 0: no cache, 1: direct_io, 2: keep_cache (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsmode=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the operating mode of rozofsmount: 0: filesystem, 1: block mode (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsnbstorcli=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the number of storcli process(es) to use (in range: 1..2 - default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsshaper=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the storcli shaper configuration (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsrotate=\fP\fIN\fP
Specify the modulo on read distribution rotation (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-o posixlock
Active support for POSIX file lock.
.TP
\fB\-o bsdlock
Active support for BSD file lock.
.TP
\fB\-o noXattr
Disable support of extended attributes.
.PP
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, version 2.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR exportd (8),
.BR storaged (8),
.BR geomgr (8)
