.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rozodiag.8
.\"
.TH ROZODUMP 8 "MARCH 2015" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozodump \- RozoFS projection file dump tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rozodump
[
.I options
]
.I parameters
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rozodump
is a tool that enables to dump the projection files on a storage node.
.SH PARAMETERS
.P 
-p <root path>
.IP
This mandatory parameter gives the root path of the storage node. 
.P
-f <FID>
.IP
This mandatory parameter gives the FID of the projection file to dump.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h"
.RS
Print a help message. 
.RE
.IP "-a <prj id>"
.RS
Gives the projection identifier in case it can not be determined automatically.
.RE
.IP "-d"
.RS
To request for the dump of the block content and not only the block headers.
.RE
.IP "-b [<first>][:][<last>]"
.RS
To request to dump a block interval. 
.I <first>:<last> 
is all the block numbers with <first> and <last>. 
.I :<last> 
is all the block before block number <last>. 
.I <first>: 
is all the blocks after <first>. 
.I <first> 
is only block number <first>.
.RE
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

RozoFS is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, version 2.

RozoFS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
