.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii storage.conf.5
.\"
.TH STORAGE.CONF 5 "DECEMBER 2014" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
storage.conf \- RozoFS storage daemon configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "storage.conf"
is managed thanks to 
.B libconfig
<http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/> and thus complies to the
.B libconfig
grammar.

.SS threads (optional)

Specifies number of threads that can process the disk requests. (default: 2)

.SS nbcores (optional)

Maximum number of core files to keep (default: 2). The older core files are kept while the newest ones are removed. 

.SS listen (mandatory)

Specifies list of IP(s) (or hostname(s)) and port(s) the storio process must listen to for receiving write and read requests from clients.

    addr: (IP or hostname that the server should listens to)
            - must be a valid IPv4 address or a valid hostname.
            - if "*" is specified storio will listen on any of the interfaces.

    port: (TCP port number (in decimal) to use for storio process)

.SS storio (optional)

Specifies if storaged starts one or multiple storio process(es). (default: "single")
       Valid values are :
           - "single"
             only storio instance 0 is started. It takes care of every storage instance configured in this file by listening to the addresses and ports defined by 
.B listen.
           - "multiple"
             one storio is started for each cluster declared in this configuration file. The storio instance is the cluster number. The storio listens on the addresses defined by 
.B listen 
and adds the cluster number to ports in
.B listen 
.
.SS self-healing (optional)

Gives the delay in minutes before starting an automatic rebuild of a broken device by relocating the data on the remaining devices. The lowest possible value is 1. When self-healing is configured, the 
.I export-hosts 
parameter must be configured too. 

.SS export-hosts

This parameter is only needed when self healing is configured. It gives the list of addresses (or dns names) where exportd daemon is running. When securing the exportd thanks to virtual IP address only the virtual IP address is declared (i.e "192.168.10.1"). When no virtual IP address is used the list of "physical" IP addresses of each host securing the exportd must be given (i.e "192.168.10.1/192.168.20.1").
 
.SS storages (mandatory)

It's the list of local storage managed by this storaged.
Each storage is identified by the cluster to which belongs the storage (cid) 
and by it's identifier in the cluster (sid). Each pair (cid,sid) must be
unique. The root is the path where data will be stored for this storage.
Under this path stands the logical devices (numbered from 0) on which the
storage will spread the data. The storage writes a new data file on the 
less occupied device. A mapping file stores the choosen device for each
file. The device holding the mapping file is computed from a hash. Although
the number of devices can be increased to scale the storage up, the number
of mapping devices can not change (because of the hash). The mapping files 
have some replica written on the devices following their main device.

    cid: (cluster identifier)
            - must be an integer.
            - should exist in exportd configuration file.

    sid: (storage identifier)
            - must be an integer (between 1 and 255).
            - should exist in exportd configuration file.

    root: (directory path where data will be stored)
            - must be an existing directory.
            - must be unique for each storage managed by this storaged.
	    
    device-total: (total number of devices)
            - must be an integer.
	    
    device-mapper: (number of devices used for file to device mapping)
            - must be an integer.
            - must be lower than or equal to device-total.
            - must never be changed.
	    
    device-redundancy: (number of copies of each file to device mapping file)
            - must be an integer.
            - must be lower than or equal to device-mapper.	    
            - must not be decreased.


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
.ta +3i
# sample RozoFS storage configuration file
threads = 4;
nbcores = 2;
storio  = "multiple";
self-healing = 10;
export-hosts = "192.168.0.1/192.168.0.2";

listen = (
    {addr = "192.168.1.1"; port = 41001; },
    {addr = "192.168.2.1"; port = 41001; }
);

storages = (
    {cid = 1; sid = 1; root = "/etc/rozofs/c1_s1"; device-total = 6; device-mapper = 3; device-redundancy = 3;},
    {cid = 1; sid = 2; root = "/etc/rozofs/c1_s2"; device-total = 6; device-mapper = 3; device-redundancy = 3;},
    {cid = 2; sid = 1; root = "/etc/rozofs/c2_s1"; device-total = 3; device-mapper = 3; device-redundancy = 3;}
 );

.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/storage.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/storage.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\".SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR storaged (8)
