.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii storaged.8
.\"
.TH storaged 8 "APRIL 2014" RozoFS "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
storaged \- RozoFS storage daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B storaged 
[
.I options
] [
.I file
]
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B storaged
RozoFS storaged daemon. Store encoded data for the
.BR rozofs (7)
filesystem.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
.RS
Print help.
.RE
.IP "-c, --config file"
.RS
Use 
.I file
as configuration file default is
.I /etc/rozofs/storage.conf
(or
.I /usr/local/etc/rozofs/storage.conf
according to install options)
.RE
.IP "-r, --rebuild export_host"
.RS
With this option the storaged daemon starts processes for rebuild data of each \
storage declared in the configuration file.
.RE
.RS
Use
.I export_host
as address (or dns name) where exportd daemon is running.
.RE
.IP "-m, --multiio"
.RS
With this option the storaged daemon starts as many storio process(es) as listening port(s) exist in the configuration file.

.RE
.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/storage.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/storage.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR storage.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/log/syslog
.RS
The log file. See
.BR syslogd (8)
and
.BR syslog.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/run/storaged.pid
.RS
Pid file for the
.B storaged
daemon.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, version 2.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR storage.conf (5),
.BR exportd (8),
.BR rozofsmount (8)
